 - Episode opens with a shot on the moon, Toybox is in a "dry dock" on the lunar surface, partially disassembled. Lavie is busy trying to negotiate the price for the overhaul down. Fee heads off to find a smoking room.
 - Cut to a smoking room where a man finishes his cigarette and leaves, leaving behind his briefcase. As she approaches the smoking room the briefcase explodes, destroying the room (she's uninjured, and really just disappointed she doesn't get to have a smoke). Apparently a terrorist group ("Space Defence Front") have taken to bombing smoking rooms.
 - Back in the office Hachi and Myers discuss the SDF. They're a group who believe that humanity should never have come into space.
 - Just as they're discussing Tanabe (she's taken a day off, probably for a date) one of Tanabes friends (Lucie) drops by and asks to talk to Hachi.
 - In an INTO meeting they discuss the SDF threat, it's concluded that ISPV-7 is unlikely to be a target. More likely ISPV-9, which is still under construction, will be a target.
 - Fee arrives at a smoking room to find it being decommissioned, one of the workers tells her they're taking down all of the smoking rooms in this sector and begins to lecture her about smoking. She sneaks off and tries to smoke in a toilet, but gets covered in water by the fire suppression system.
 - As Tanabe is shopping for dresses for her date she overhears her Lucie asking Hachi to be her boyfriend!
 - She runs off, and the conversation continues. Actually her Lucie is trying to convince Hachi to date _Tanabe_, so that Cheng-Shin is free for her to date!
 - Fee is desperate for a smoke, so she heads to the next city over to find a smoking room. Just as she's entering the smoking room a man leaves. She notices he's forgotten his briefcase and calls out to him but he hurries away. She puts it together and runs away just as the bomb explodes.
 - Toy box arrives back at ISPV-7, ahead of schedule!
 - Lucie goes to ask out Cheng-Shin on a date, but he's busy showing of pictures of him and Tanabe on a date in a fancy restaurant last night.
 - Tanabe and Hachi are chatting about the date, but it soon gets heated and they start fighting and throwing things at each other. Hachi throws an open bottle of water that hits into the smoking seat in the office, destroying it's independent air filtering system. Fee arrives back at the office just in time to see it fizzle and let out a load of smoke.
 - Out in space the group detect a derelict satellite that's marked as debris, but is sending out a video signal. Fee watches the transmission and it soon becomes clear it's a message from the SDF being broadcast across all of space with hacked satellites.
 - When the broadcast finishes the satellite launches an independent vehicle which accelerates right at ISPV-7. A kinetic kill vehicle!
 - Fee closes up the Toy box docking bay and takes off after the KKV, leaving behind the debris collection team. She pushes the ship well beyond all safety rating to match acceleration.
 - Hachi explains that ISPV-7 is a huge target, larger than any previously destroyed satellite. If it's destroyed it will cause kessler syndrome, denying humanity all access to space.
 - All of the defence systems of ISPV-7 fail, they're designed to ablate incoming debris with lasers, not destroy an armoured and actively evading missile. It looks like there's nothing they can do until Toy box pops up on their radar at the last moment, ramming the KKV and diverting it from the station.
 - Toy box and the KKV fall to Earth and burn up, Fee escapes in an escape pod/re-entry vehicle. She enjoys a smoke while floating on the ocean awaiting rescue.