 - Hachimaki and Tanabe are sorting debris from the toy box. Some workers from another company come over and are impressed at the haul, commenting how good Fee is at her job. Seems like she's well known in the debris collection industry.
 - Fee sits down for lunch at the same table as Dolph (section 2 division manager) and mentions she bumped into Chad on the moon (the old friend of her and Dolph). She shows Dolph a picture of all of them from a long time ago.
 - Lavie sees Dolph and Fee talking, and see Fee hand something to Dolph (the photo). Debris section start speculating what it could be (downsizing, resignation, secret affair etc).
 - Tanabe goes to ask Dolph what's going on, at control section they bump into Claire Rondo. She's hostile to Tanabe and tells her to go back to half section.
 - Cheng-Shin and Hachimaki are chatting about the encounter with Claire in the canteen. Cheng-Shin asks if Hachimaki talked to Claire, and says that "breakups need a good reason", revealing that Hachimaki and Claire were involved in the past.
 - Fee is reading a letter from her family. Flashback to the conversation with Dolph earlier, he says he wants to make her a manager, she wants to stay out in the field but he wants someone with actual experience in the control section.
 - Tanabe spills the beans about the affair rumour to Fee, she storms down to the debris section to kick Lavie. She says her and Dolph were just talking about the old days when they worked together in `Traum Space Development`, a company that was absorbed into Technora 10 years ago.
 - The section manager of control section calls Lavie aside and reveals what Fee was actually talking about with Dolph - a potential transfer out of debris section into control!
 - Claire briefs Fee on a difficut retrieval operation. It's a stealth meta material that cannot be tracked by RADAR (needs to be visually acquired) but must be collected on the nightside since it's unstable in high temperatures! Several other teams have tried to collect it and all have failed.
 - The rest of debris section are gossiping about Fee again, wondering amongst themselves when she'll be promoted away. They decide to run a mission right now, without her, to prove they can do it.
 - At the briefing the debris team fake a phone call saying that the mission has been delayed as a pretext to send Fee away for a while, so they can put their plan into action and do the mission without her.
 - Fee dreams about her old company with Dolf, about the time they were acquired. It turns out no one, not even Dolf, really wanted to be acquired. She returns to the Debris section to find that everyone has gone. Edel reveals what's going on, Fee isn't impressed.
 - Out in space they've acquired the target, Tanabe and Hachimaki head out in the fishbone to collect it. They visually approach and attach beacons. lavie tries to grab it with the arm but messes up and even smashes one of the beacons, generating secondary debris. They try again and manage to grab it but it's too late, the sun rises and it liquifies, even englufing the EVA team.
 - Fee calls in on the radio and takes control of the situation, suggesting they move toybox to create a shadow. They manage to catch the debris in the cargo bay this time.
 - Dolph and Fee chat about the retrieval operation, and she turns down the promotion because she wants to stay in the field.